Feature/release pipeline (#17)
distributed-technologies/wiki: helm/release-pipeline.md

### Helm release pipeline
When a helm chart repository is being developed there is a need to continuously release these for others to use, both for new features and for bug fixes.

The releases of the helm chart should be as follows: 
 * Trigger Github workflow on merge with the main branch:

>  1. build a helm chart package.
>  2. creates a Github release.
>  3. attaches the package as an asset to the release.
>  4. push the asset to our [helm registry](https://github.com/distributed-technologies/helm-repository) and update the index file for the helm registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. package the Helm chart.
 2. create a GitHub release.
 3. attach the package as an asset to the release.
 4. push the asset to our [helm registry](https://github.com/distributed-technologies/helm-repository) and update the index file for the helm registry.
```
Made sure all the steps are worded the same way.
